what's up emo Chris we have sold out
there's no you're slipping really break
my board just break my port and leave me
for dead look I'm just saying we've been
trying to get sponsored our entire
skateboarding lives who needs a sponsor
we've got Chad natalina money changes
everything love a suitcase full of money
for an urban baby number four yeah yes
me
your mother and father couldn't be here
but they say hello and they send this
hug it was ok just look man let's not
get awkward aisleyne and Chad also sent
another wonderful gift to commemorate
this occasion
yamaneika eats at all
where they going rynhard we did it and
we won't be stopped you know we did
everything feels right you know
just doing it
and we're all time
we take you know we did
mm-hmm oh yes I understand
I have your attention please I shalina
and chatter breaking up I'm afraid our
business here is done alright boys let's
get this stuff out of me
what does this all mean little Rob I'm
afraid it means good body of course I'll
need those boards and many boxes of cash
you've received yo this place is even
worse than before and where's all our
old skate stuff there it is a sad stack
of broken dreams come on man who cares
about being golden grinders oh wow
grinders and let's be real we just
skated on the moon
where's meaning
Oh